so guys this is aaron and this is the
next video on your first course okay so
in the first video we learned on four
basic chords G c 9 t minus seven and d
okay we learn how they all sound the
same and how they're they're very
similar to each other when we when we
move from one to another okay and these
are chords you're not going to find in
the beginning guitar book they're
they're more commonly played chords and
a lot of songs that you here okay so
what we're going to do is we're going to
add two more cord groups okay so we know
core group G that's our first chord
group we're going to add another our
second chord group is going to be d and
our third core group is going to be a
all right so we're going to do this by
adding in on one chord start with okay
so let's learn this new cord it's going
to be a major okay and I'm playing this
by the top string being open the fifth
string being open okay then playing
frets on 222 and then the last one the
first string is open as well now there's
a few ways you can play this one okay
right now I got I kind of got my finger
scrunched up to play all these second
frets so I'm playing my my second finger
on the second fret fourth string my
first finger on the second fret third
string and my third finger on the second
fret second string niggas wishes if you
want you can line them all up if you'd
like that's kind of hard for me to do
because my fingers a little fat so I got
to kind of scrunch them in there but if
you want to you can play your first
finger than your second finger third
finger or you can do whatever you want
you can take one finger if you want to
and play all three of the strings second
fret if you'd like okay so that's a
major okay or we can play an a2 which is
a little bit easier in to me sounds a
little bit better and works on just as
good
okay so this is a to the basically one
plane here is 0 0 to 200 so the second
frets on the third and fourth string and
you could play those second frets anyway
you want to right now I have my second
finger on the fourth string second fret
and my first finger on the third string
second fret you can switch that you can
use your military fingers or your for
your third and fourth finger anyway you
want to you can play these strings ok so
now let's learn a new core group let's
learn core group d ok adding in the egg
the new a cord that we've learned so
what we're going to do is we want to
learn um this new cord group by starting
out on d which is the cord that we learn
in the last video ok so d I wouldn't go
to a two
thin g all right so we're going to strum
these four times each
okay so da to GA to just back and forth
strumming those okay so this is called a
new key okay we're playing in a new key
a new core group and it's called d
alright so let's uh let's keep on with a
just learn one more cord and another
chord group okay let's learn the cord a
major okay and with e major I'm playing
the top string open then frets to fret
to again fret one um open string open
string alright and i'm doing this by
placing my second finger on the second
fret 5th string my third finger on the
second fret fourth string and my first
finger on the first fret third string
hi this is e major ok and from here
we're going to learn our third core
group okay core group a alright we're
going to start on the a2 will go from a
22 D to e back to a strumming those four
times each so a to first
and
okay and it might help if you're when
you're on your e when you go to a it
might help instead of playing you're a
with your first and second finger to
play a or a 2 with your third and I mean
a second and third finger because your
second and third finger is on the second
fret with them e so you're going from E